README.md, before:

# BDD Power Tools

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/bddpowertools/bddpowertools/_apis/build/status/iteratec.bdd-power-tools)](https://dev.azure.com/bddpowertools/bddpowertools/_build/latest?definitionId=1)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

BDD Power Tools provide syntax highlighting and autocompletion for Gherkin scenarios.


## Features

Syntax highlighting provides nice colorization of Gherkin keywords in .feature files:

![syntax highlighting](media/syntaxhighlighting.png)

In addition autocomplete for gherkin keywords helps building syntactically correct scenarios.


> Note: The preview version currently supports only German language for step autocomplete. 

<!-- ## Extension Settings

Include if your extension adds any VS Code settings through the `contributes.configuration` extension point.

For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `myExtension.enable`: enable/disable this extension
* `myExtension.thing`: set to `blah` to do something -->

## Issues

Use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/iteratec/bdd-power-tools/issues) to report and track any issues and feature requests.

Commit message:

feat(multilang): add support for language en to extension

README.md, after:

# BDD Power Tools

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/bddpowertools/bddpowertools/_apis/build/status/iteratec.bdd-power-tools)](https://dev.azure.com/bddpowertools/bddpowertools/_build/latest?definitionId=1)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

BDD Power Tools provide syntax highlighting and autocompletion for Gherkin scenarios.

## Features

Syntax highlighting provides nice colorization of Gherkin keywords in .feature files:

![syntax highlighting](media/syntaxhighlighting.png)

In addition autocomplete for gherkin keywords helps building syntactically correct scenarios.

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

-   `bddPowerTools.language`: the spolen langauge the scenarios are written in
    > Note: Starting with version 1.0.0, the default language has been switched to `en`.

## Issues

Use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/iteratec/bdd-power-tools/issues) to report and track any issues and feature requests.
